I'm sorry, but errors were detected in your script. Please correct the
errors listed below, and try again.


File "game/script.rpy", line 1912: expected ':' not found.
(Perhaps you left out a " at the end of the first line.)
    "You and the mushroom stayed together for many long and happy years, roaming the ancient underground gardens of that fungal kingdom.
                                    "If you remained good friends with the mushroom, turn to page 155.":
                                      ^
                                        "You and the mushroom stayed the greatest of friends, talking all through the small hours together. After a long time, your mother and siblings came down to join you there, one by one."
                                    "If you married the mushroom, turn to page 156.":
                                        "After many years, you and the mushroom became married in a beautiful ceremony. Your mother came down to the kingdom of death for the occasion, and all the plants and lichens and moss and toadstools of the forest were in attendance."
                                if godfather == "White":
                                    "Long did your Godfather the Almighty search for you, but never could he find you, hidden as you were in that undiscovered country."
                                elif godfather == "Red":
                                    "Long did your Godfather the Devil search for you, but never could he find you, hidden as you were in that undiscovered country."
                                elif godfather == "Black":
                                    "And so the promise came to pass, and you took your place with the woman clad all in black, just as she promised your mother all those years ago."
                                "You stayed there at the side of the Pale Lady, forever and ever, until the final horn and the coming of the end of days."
                                jump end
                            "If you held fast to your desire to return to the world above, turn to page 164.":
                                pov "Don't think that I want to leave you. It's just that I must see my old parents and my old country."
                                m3 "I see. Then we won't stand in your way. Take this to remember us by."
                                "She handed you a black box tied with a tassel of red silk."
                                m4 "This is the box of the jeweled hand, and it holds something very precious. Do not open it, no matter what happens."
                                "And so you promised that you would never open the box, and the mushrooms took hold of you and bore you back up to the surface."
        "You blinked in the harsh light of the sun above, and found that your eyes had become almost blind in the darkness below. Your skin was pale and shrunken."
        "As you looked around, a strange anxiety gripped you. The ancient old strangler fig was gone. You couldn't see the blue door to the mushroom's domain."
        "As you walked down the road to your house, something seemed wrong. The prople you saw walking past had different faces to the people you knew so well before. Even your old house was a different shape."
        "You walked up to your old home and called out:"
        pov "Mum! I'm back!"
        "But just as you were about to enter, a strange man came out."
        som "Who are you?"
        pov "What? Who are you? And why do you twist in that crooked way?"
        som "We're all crooked now, son. It's the law. But answer my question!"
        #You raced through crowds of bent and crooked people.
        pov "My name is [povname]."
        som "Don't joke around like that. It's true that someone by the name of [povname] once lived here, but that is a tale three hundred years old! [He] couldn't possibly be alive now."
        "When you heard those odd words, a terrible fear gripped you, and you ran out onto the street and across the land. The forest you knew was gone. A grey rain of ash fell ceaselessly across the land from the grey clouds above. The bent and crooked people of the land huddled in grim shelters underneath places that hideously resembled the hills and lakes and villages you once knew."
        "Over and over, you heard them mutter of the Ash Giants, and you heard terrible footfalls shake the earth from some distant place."
        "The awful feeling came over you that what the old man said was true. Each day you spent in the underground kingdom was as a hundred years on earth."
        "You ran through the grey streets and parking lots and abandoned shopping centers and twisting underground toll roads and long slow landfill rivers that twisted with the serpentine motion of the trash queens as you stumbled onto the cracked bitumen roads and empty apartment complexes packed with flickering TV screens of static under the grim endless maze of freeways stacked above you that blotted out the grey sky above, but try as you might you couldn't find the way back to the kingdom you left."
        if godfather == "White":
            miw "Finally."
            "You felt a heavy hand fall on your shoulder. A great light shone behind you, to bright for you to turn and face it."
            miw "Long have I waited. Now, you will come with me."
            jump mushroomBox
        elif godfather == "Red":
            mir "Finally."
            "A crooked red hand fell on your shoulder, and you turned to see the cackling face of the old serpent himself."
            mir "Now you see that no matter how long you hide, none can escape the devil's clutches! Come with me, and we will dance together in hell forever."
            jump mushroomBox
        else:
            label mushroomBox:
                show hand onlayer transient:
                    yalign 0.69#0.743
                    xalign 0.5
                menu:
                    "You felt the weight of the mushroom's box in your pocket."
                    "If you opened the box, turn to page 178.":
                        "Having lost everything dear to you, you realised that there was no reason not to open it."
                        pov "At such a time, surely I will find something inside this box to save me and lead me back to the Mushroom."
                        if godfather == "White":
                            miw "What are you doing? No!"
                        elif godfather == "Red":
                            mir "What are you doing? No!"
                        "You untied the red silk and lifted the lid of the precious box."
                        "As soon as you did, all of your years rushed out of the box, and they came upon you at once. Your hair grew and turned white, your back twisted into a knot with age, your face wrinkled up and you fell down dead in an instant."
                        "Poor thing! Because of your disobediance, never would you live to see your mushroom again."
                        "Little children, never be disobediant to those who are wiser than you, for disobediance is the mother of all misery and father of all woe."
                        jump end
                    "If you refused to open the box, even when all hope was lost, turn to page 179.":
                        if godfather == "White":
                            "You hesitated - but in the end you couldn't bring yourself to break your promise to the mushroom."
                            "And so the Lord took you, and you rested in the basement of His White House forever and ever, until the final horn and the coming of the end of days."
                            jump end
                        elif godfather == "Red":
                            "You hesitated - but in the end you couldn't bring yourself to break your promise to the mushroom."
                            "And so the Devil took you, and you were trapped as his servant in Hell forever and ever, until the final horn and the coming of the end of days."
                            jump end
                        else:
                            "And so you stayed there, forever searching for an entrance back to that kingdom you missed so much."
                            "For years you searched, with no success. Soon, the Ash Giants came upon the world, and you felt their searing light upon your skin."
                            "As the light burnt you away, you felt something take ahold of you and draw you into the earth."
                            m "It's ok. It's just me."
                            m "You've returned."
                            "The mushrooms took you down into the earth. There you stayed at the side of Lady Death, forever and ever, until the final horn and the coming of the end of days."
                            jump end
                #You can stay with the mushroom and explore the mushroom world, different areas
                #NOTE: Use the story of Urashima Tarō, the Fisher Lad
    
        #Mosses
        #Parasites and cordyceps
        #Fungi that the ants farm
        #Symbiotic trading fungi that work with the plants
        #Ambassador mushrooms
        #At some point in all of this, you can marry the mushroom
        #God and the Devil cannot reach you while you're there.

Ren'Py Version: Ren'Py 7.4.4.1439
Thu Oct  7 20:34:39 2021
